Alpha Chars:
Amber

Bow Shot

This skill deals 20 energy damage.
In the following turn this skill will cost 1 any energy.

0cd

Baron Bunny

Amber gets 40 unpiercable damage reduction for 1 turn.
During this time any new damaging skill used by the enemy will be redirected onto Amber.
At the end of Ambers next turn, Baron Bunny will deal 10 damage to all enemies + 15 to every enemy that got redirected.

3 cooldown

Fiery Rain

This skill deals 10 damage + 5 affliction damage to all opponents for 2 turns.
During this time Bow Shot will deal 10 more damage.

3cd

Invul


Barbara

Whisper of Water
15 piercing energy damage for 1 any.

Let the Show begin
this skill heals barabara for 20 HP for 3 turns.
If Barbara is at 80 HP or above, it will instead heal the ally with the lowest HP.

Shining Miracle
Barbara heals herself and all allies for 35 HP and removes all harmful strategic
and affliction skills on them.

invul



Klee

Kaboom!

deals 20 energy damage
klee gets 1 Explosive Spark.

Jumpy Dumpty

deals 10 + 15 + 15 to all damage.
klee gets 1 explosive spark

Sparks n Splash

This skill deals 20 energy damage to one random enemy each turn.
This skills damage increases by 5 and duration extends by 1 for each Explosive Spark mark.
At the end of this skill, remove all explosive sparks.

Secret Hideout

invul



Kiana Kaslana (St.Freya)
Raiden Mei (St.Freya)
Bronya Zaychik (St.Freya)
Herta
Dan Heng
March 7th
Lucy
Nicole
Sirin (GGZ)

Rapid Spray

Uses spray on an opponent. That opponent will continously take 10 affliction damage per round.
This skill can only be active on one enemy at a time.
This skill stops when Sirin gets stunned or defeated.

Void Fireworks

This skill can only be used on an enemy affected by Rapid Spray.
For 2 turns every time that enemy uses a new harmful damaging skill,
double the damage of Rapid Spray on the following turn.

Space Erosion

This skill can only be used on an enemy affected by Rapid Spray.
For 2 turns that enemy ignores all helpful skills and deals 10 less damage.

Crisis Awareness

Invul



Houraiji Kyuusyou

Weapon Switch
This character starts in great sword mode.
When this skill is used Kyuusyou switches weapons, first to
dual daggers, then to heavy gun.
Her 2nd and 3rd skills will change depending on her current weapon.
Also this skill will do additional effects if a weapon skill has been used the turn prior:
Great Sword Skill: deals 10 affliction damage that cannot be countered or reflected
Dual Daggers Skill: Stuns all enemies strategic skills for 1 turn.
Heavy Gun: Increases an opponents skill costs by 1 any for 1 turn.
After this skill has been used 2 times, this skill changes to
"Hero's Emblem".

no cost

S-A
Code: Slash
Deals 15 physical damage and gives 1 houkai energy stack.

S-B
Code: Cyclone
Requires 4 houkai energy stacks.

Deals damage + affliction for 2 turns.

D-A
Code: Chain
Deals physical damage and gives 1 houkai energy stack.

D-B
Code: Meteor

Requires 2 houkai energy stacks.

G-A
Code: Fusion

Deals energy damage and gives 1 houkai energy stack.

G-B
Code: Conduit
Requires at least 1 houkai energy stack to use.
Uses up all available houkai energy stacks and deals 15 damage per stack + stun.

Ultimate: Hero's Emblem

Deals 40 energy damage to one enemy + restores 30 HP.

Invul
Sword Spin


Lulu

Cozy Time
heals all allies by 15, for one turn damage on Lulu will heal the same amount instead
2cd
Lulu Cooking
one enemy 15 affliction damage + -10 damage debuff 2 turns
Looking for Fwens
Target an opponent to be Lulu's fwen for 1 turn. If that opponent uses a new harmful skill on the next turn OR the next opponent who targets Lulu with a skill will get countered and become Lulu's friend for 2 turns.
The opponent will be unable to use harmful skills on Lulu, they will deal 15 less damage and their 4th skill becomes
"Spending Time with Lulu".
During this time, Lulu will heal for 20 HP per turn 
After the 2 turns end, Lulu will take 30 affliction damage and the opponent or ally won't be able to
be affected by "Looking for Fwens" for the rest of the game.
After Looking for fwens has ended 2 times, this skill becomes "The End".
Hiding Under Blankie
invul

Spending Time with Lulu
This character plays video games or watches anime with Lulu.
This character will heal 25 HP and 

The End
Lulu health get set to 0. All allies and opponents will take 20 affliction damage.
Characters previously affected by "Looking for Fwens" will take an additional 40 affliction damage.
