Lobby - Missions:

Mission list in the style of genshin/star rail.
List will show mission title, how many mission goals you have completed and a claim button on the right side.
Clicking on a mission will expand the view downwards with a mission image, a proper mission description and the list of goals and progress on each.
It also shows the requirements and rewards.

You unlock most characters through missions, gacha is just for a handful of special ones.

Mission tabs:
Genshin
Star Rail
Honkai Impact 3rd
Zenless
Themis
Houkai Gakuen
Other
Event


Website:

Website profile that looks like the hoyolab page with all those account infos and stats. Unique website link for each user like hoyo-arena.com/profile/LucyKosaki.
On the website after login, it should say welcome (player name).

Ranked list of top 100 players (highest level)
Ranked list of top 100 guilds (highest level)
guide how to play

Lobby - Friends:
adding users as friends
can set 3 characters which can be borrowed by friends a limited number of times for ranked/unranked play
can invite friends in room/lobby play

Lobby - Awards:
Simple achivement system with categories, visually styled like HSR

Lobby
A screen somewhere that shows any current events or ranked season timers


Lobby - Settings:

Layout selection: Ingame match layout style classic (naruto arena inspired) vs modern (TCG inspired)
Voice language selection: for the voice clips when characters use their strongest skill or get defeated
Select lobby background image
Select match background image
select lobby music
select match music

music selection list screen:
left side choose game
right side select music
can activate multiple select - game will than go through tracks randomly during battle
can select menu sfx (different hoyo games)
can make background switch to different BGs

default music:
lobby: ggz - Shopsation
win game - hi3rd Y
loose game - Hi3rd rebirth
battle theme - HSR crises



Lobby - Profile:
view and edit your profile
select title
select profile border
profile image selector (dont let ppl use own image - maybe allow image import from hoyolab?)


Lobby - Guild:
create or join guild
guild icon image selector
winning ranked matches gives guild exp
as guild levels up, gives higher weekly gift packs and expands guild max size
maybe special items or a character you can only get through guild activities
guilds can challenge other guilds for fun - for specific amount of time lobby matches among those guilds will be recorded


Login: needs logic that one account can only be logged in once at the same time

Lobby - Playbuttons:
add a little "i" next to each button that explains the difference between the different modes:
Ranked: Updates score and completes missions
Unranked: Doesnt update score but completes missions
Lobby: Can make rooms with settings for special rules, can invite friends or just make it open to anyone to join, easy custom play - doesnt update score or missions. Allows spectating.

Admin Panel - Match Hisory
Admin Panel needs a way to display and manage past match data:
Display match data of specific users, backup and delete old match data.


Gamemode Idea:
Weekly PvE Bosses (bosses with special mechanics outside of regular 3vs3 play, like genshin TCG challenges)
Clear for base rewards and clear with specific goals for bonus rewards.
Bosses (rotate each week):
Kiana Void Herrscher
The Will of the Honkai GGZ
Cocolia HSR
La Signora
Bringer (ZZZ)


Lobby Style idea: replace static splash images with live 2d animated ones


Admin Panel - Effect Management:

effect management folder system (can make a folder for each characters effects),
add new folder, rename folder,
apply created effects to folders


Client Screen:
when you select a skill and a target, already show skill icons display on the target until end turn (purely visible)


On the Lobby:
free ayaka at level 42 claim button


Ranking System & Titles:

You reach a new level every X EXP.

Loosing no exp on loose till lvl 20
lvl 21-30 win 100, loose 20
lvl 31-40 win 100, loose 40
lvl 41-50 win 100, loose 60
lvl 51-60 win 100, loose 100
lvl 61-70 win 100, loose 150
lvl 71+ win 100, loose 200

+10exp per streak for winstreak 2+ up to +100

top 10 leaderboard titles
top 4-10: Hoyo Elite
top 2-3: Hoyo Legend
top1: Hoyo Champion

seasonal reset back to lvl 50 if player is over lvl 50.

Anti-Entropy
Schicksal
Hexenzirkel

Level Ranks:
1-4 Proxy
5-9 Valkyrie
10-14 Knight of Favonius
15-19 Masked Fool
20-24 Flame Chaser
25-29 Adept
30-34 Galaxy Ranger
35-39 Harbinger
40-44 Schicksal Overseer
45-49 Archon
50-54 Void Hunter
55-59 Herrscher
60-64 Aeon
65-69 Descender
70+ Multiverse Wanderer

Special Title for Testers
Unlock Titles when reaching ranks the first time
Unlock Titles for unlocking each character
Titles for some Missions/Achievements
Rest of the titles: Shop


Lobby - Settings:
add a feedback button here that links to a google form.
game credits page:

"this is a non-profit unofficial fan project.
all characters, sound effects and music belong to Mihoyo/Hoyoverse.
The website, game, and graphical design made by LucyKosaki.

Testing was done by:"


Admin Panel - User Management
expand for moderation features:
ban for x amount of time, reset ranking score,
player gets warning displayed with reason
history for past offenses


Admin panel - Security:
put admin panel of a whole different server/website and put an IP whitelist for added security


Add Rules and ToS to the website:
boosting with alt accounts in unranked is allowed
but boosing in ranked is not allowed - level will be reset to 1 - repeated actions = ban


Server Gamelogic/Feature:

Add items when setting up teams:
button to set up item which opens item selection screen.
Shows all items in the game with locked ones unaccessible.

Items can be used in battle only a limited amount of times (depending on which item usually once or twice)
and can be used anytime during your turn.


Server/Admin Panel:
Skill effects need an optional checkbox for "cannot be removed".


Client - Ingame screen:

Tooltips on effects always show the active effect and the remaining time.
Need to add many custom phrases to make a "smart" client that can translate and display all the effects to proper sentences.

At the end clean up ingame log with only necessary information.
Only an account that is admin can see the debug information.


Admin Panel/Client:

set different HP values for different characters to make them more unique


What each energy color represents:
Green: Physical
Blue: Elemental
Red: Willpower
White: Unique

First playable alpha character list and their energy distribution:

Amber willpower any
Kaeya elem unique
Lisa  elem
Kiana (St. Freya) willpower unique
Bronya (St. Freya) phy any
Raiden Mei (St. Freya)   phy elem
Nicole  unique elem
Billy   physical
Anby    will
March   elem unique
Dan Heng  physical
Natasha  any
Kyuusyou elem phy unique
Sirin GGZ  elem any


Admin Panel:
Maintenance Start Button in admin panel.
When it is activated the game wont accept starting any new matches (unranked and ranked)
and I can set a time for example 60 minutes until the server will be stopped.
For any ongoing matches it will display a message at the top every 5 minutes that will stay for 15 seconds
and say "Server maintenance will begin in X minutes. Please wrap up your ongoing matches and log out to avoid any loss of data. Thank you."


Server - Game Logic:
Does the current setup allow for setting up damage over multiple turns?


Server/Admin Panel/Client:
add "Testing-Only" tag to character that lets players only use the character in private lobby games
Add "Hidden" tag that lets a character not appear on the character list

User Feel:
When starting up the game, show 2-3 second display of Lulu's Gaming Den logo.
from a white scren blends in logo, shows it for 3 seconds, blends out, then get to the login/start game screen
lobby shows current version, login screen, register screen, settings where you can turn off music audio.

Add 1-2 second loading animation to make the game feel less lightweight and cheap


Server/Client:

Add 1-2 minute timer to battles
When disconnecting, give players 1-2 minutes to reconnect until a match gets decided and the disconnected player looses.

Client:

On match screen add a rount counter display


Client/Website:

Add Email verification for register to avoid abuse
Also let people type the password twice on register to avoid typos
forgot password button


Server/Client:
Upon first login, autoplay tutorial (uses bunny jump instrumental music)
(has preset teams on both sides)
can only click on specific buttons
onscreen messages by Lulu

Sequence and what gets explained when:

3vs3 - need all 3 opponents down
beginner gets 1 energy.
click a skill and hit end turn.
opponent used X
you can see in log what opponent did.
get as many energy as you have alive characters
rainbow energy means you can use any energy.
select X
select which energy you want to use as any energy
this skill stuns an opponent, meaning they cant act in the next turn
end turn.
you can always check characters active effects and their remaining duration by
hovering your mouse over the icons
opponent activated damage reduction 
opponent activated destructible defense
use piercing damage, destroy destructible
you can change the order of which the skills will be executed by rearranging them in the skill queue with your mouse.
opponent turn (deals some damage)
you are missing one energy for big skill - click this to exchange energy.
use high damage skill that shows animation
characters have a vast variety of unique skills and effects
if you are unsure about opponents skills you can click here to read them
or look up characters skills on the website
This concludes the tutorial. If you wanna replay it you can restart in the settings.
If you hav any more questions feel free to join our discord!
Hope you have fun in Hoyo Arena!


Admin Panel:

add redeem code management:
can create new codes, set timeframes & rewards
special characters you can only get from permanently active codes:
Lumi/DaWei/Homu

Lobby - Character selection
Add a button where you can save and load preset teams


Last:

Security Check
- how safe is this from keeping attackers out of the admin panel and database
- how safe it is against hackers; nothing game-relevant should happen on the client side, only on server side
- API security, APIs should only be able to be accessed by official client/server


Initial Launch Char List:
(chars labled with x are for the first beta where not all features are available yet but the game is already properly playable and ready
to invite 40-60 testers)

x Amber
x Barbara
Beidou
x Bennett
Chongyun
x Diluc
x Fischl
x Jean
x Kaeya
x Keqing
x Klee
x Lisa
Mona
Ningguang
x Noelle
Qiqi
Razor
Sucrose
x Traveler (anemo)
- Traveler (geo)
x Venti
x Xiangling
Xingqiu

Arlan
x Asta
Bailu
x Bronya
x Clara
x Dan Heng
Gepard
x Herta
x Himeko
Hook
Jing Yuan
x March 7th
x Natasha
Pela
Qingque
Sampo
x Seele
Serval
Sushang
Tingyun
x Trailblazer (physical)
- Trailblazer (fire)
Welt
Yanqing

x Kiana Kaslana (St.Freya)
x Raiden Mei (St.Freya)
x Bronya Zaychik (St.Freya)
x Fu Hua (St.Freya)
x Murata Himeko (St.Freya)
x Theresa Apocalypse (St.Freya)
Kallen Kaslana
x Siegfried Kaslana
Cecilia Schariac
x Durandal
Rita Rossweisse
x Welt Yang
Frederica Nikola Tesla
Lieserl Albert Einstein
x Cocolia
x Wendy
Sirin
x Yae Sakura
Kiana (Knight Moonbeam)
Bronya (Black Nucelus)
Fu Hua (Shadow Knight)

Phaethon
Alexandrina Sebastine
x Anby Demara
Anton Ivanov
Ben Bigger
x Billy Kid
Corin Wickes
x Ellen Joe
Grace Howard
Koleda
x Luciana de Montefo
x Nekomiya Mana
x Nicole Demara
Piper Wheel
x Soldier 11
Soukaku
Von Lycaon
Zhu Yuan

x Rosa
x Luke Pearce
x Artem Wing
x Vyn Richter
x Marius von Hagen

x Kiana Kaslana (GGZ)
x Raiden Mei (GGZ)
x Bronya Zaychik (GGZ)
x Sirin (GGZ)
x Sin Mal
x Yssring Leavtruth
x Houraiji Kyuusyou

Other:
x Homu
x Lumi
Da Wei
Mimo


Updates are gonna be named after arcs or themes and while usually following the story of each game, it may also break the expected flow for surprise.

Hi3rd Second Eruption Update
Kiana Kaslana (Child)

Will of Herrscher Update
Elysian Realm Update

Anniversary Update with characters players voted for.

Not just make characters based on playable ingame chars, also include characters like
Signora, Capitano, Jeht, Ellin, Guizhong, Liben, Pahsiv and similar characters from other hoyo games.
Can also make monsters and certain enemies playable.
Is more interesting than strictly going for playables.

Lobby/Server:
Daily/Weekly missions for 
Primogems/Jades/Crystals/Polychromes

Simple tasks like play 2-3 games a day,
play 1 game with a genshin/hsr/zzz character ect.

You get Hoyo (the games base currency) from winning ranked battles,
dailies weeklies and missions.

You get the hoyo-game-specific currencies only through missions and dailies/weeklies.

Maybe optionally also put specific gacha banner character in an event shop from time to time to make it easier to get specific char.

Ideally you should be able to unlock all 1.0 characters, including gacha ones, in about 100-200 hours of gameplay (3-4 months).

Then each update (around every 2 months) adds 5-8 new characters and some new titles, achievements ect.
Also always re-balance update characters that perform over 60% or under 40% winrate.

Would be best to coincide updates with ranked season reset for a fresh start.



Further:

Add downloadable client for the game.
Add lobby and inagme layouts for mobile view.

Try to get Hoyo approval to put it for free on steam and google playstore.


